All right.
So now we are going to start creating the data set for the ragas.
So when I say data set for ragas let's go and search in the ragas.io over here the documentation.
And if I go to the documentation and if you just go search the core concept.
And I think there was somewhere it was mentioned that evaluation data sets, as you can see over here
for the singleton samples as well as for the uh, maybe multi set sample loading from hugging face,
whatever.
You will notice that this is the sample for creating the individual sample uh, which has got something
like user inputs retrieved context response and reference.
So this is what is exactly the singleton sample really looks for and for multi multi-turn sample.
Basically in the ragas you need to have multiple sets of the same data, but that's what you're going
to be passing in the multi term samples.
Because we are working with multi term samples for injecting multiple datas.
We need to create this kind of sample.
But how do we actually create this?
This user inputs is very familiar.
This is our query that we have got over here right.
That's the the query that we have to pass which is this one.
And then the retrieved context is the one which is going to be coming up from our vector stores, which
is, uh, just from the vector store that we have got over here.
Right.
So the, the relevant documents, probably this guy, this is the, uh, this is going to be the retrieved
context.
And the response is going to be the one, this one which is coming from our QA chain, from our large
language model, while we pass the large language model and the retriever, if we just give these two
information, the retriever QA is going to give us that particular information.
So that is going to be the response from our LLM.
So we're going to store that as well.
And the reference is going to be the page content which is nothing but the docs page content.
So I'm just going to say doc dot page content.
So for this question this is the reference that we have got.
So we are explicitly passing that as well, because this is the one which is used by the ragas to evaluate
how close the reality is.
The ground truth is based on the answer that is being generated from the vector store, as well as from
the QA chain.
So that is what we are going to evaluate in this particular, um, ragas over here.
That's the reason why we need to have for the single term sample, or maybe any sample for that matter.
You need to have this for properties user input, retrieved context, um, and then response and a reference.
So we're going to do all these four things like you have to create all these things for our data set.
And because we have got multi shot sample data set and we need to pass all these datas along with the
response as well as the retrieved document.
We have to create a structure this time.
So let's see how we can do it.
So I'm going to put a markdown over here I'm going to say creating multi shot Sample data set for ragas.
I'm gonna take their, uh, for data.
I'm just interested in adding this kind of stuff's their data.
Uh, look at that.
Cool.
You can have a visual, uh, clue.
Like what's really happening there?
All right.
Cool.
So I'm going to say data set is equal to an array.
So I'm gonna create an empty data set here.
And I'm going to say I'm just going to turn off this thing.
So it's annoying, uh, to get this kind of response from our copilot.
All right.
It's disabled.
And now over here, I'm going to say probably we're just gonna hide this one.
We don't need that.
And I'm going to say here, uh, for question, and I'm going to add the doc in zip of both the questions
and the docs that we have created before the questions and doc, which are these one, the questions
and the docs.
I'm just going to add, uh, on the array over here.
I'm going to loop both of them together.
And I'm going to say here and I'm going to say relevant, uh, docs over here.
We know that the relevant documents that we have got is going to be the document that we are getting
from here, which are these one, as you know.
So I need to iterate through these documents as well, because you know that we have got like three
documents for every relevant documents.
I need to iterate through all the documents, and then I need to, uh, store them all, uh, in the,
uh, in the array for the relevant documents.
So I'm just going to say I'm going to iterate through all the documents in the, uh, retriever dot,
get relevant documents.
And I'm going to say question.
So I'm going to iterate through and I'm going to get all the relevant documents based on the question
that I'm passing in.
So these are the relevant documents.
And I'm going to create a response over here.
And the response is going to be the QA chain dot run of the question.
The exact same thing that we were doing before this guy.
Right.
So that's been added over here.
And now I need to create the structure like how we have got over here like these.
So the user input retrieved context response and reference.
So for doing that I'm going to say dataset dot append the array that I have created over here.
And in this array I'm going to say the first one is going to be the user input, which is going to be
the question and the retrieved contexts, which is going to be the relevant docs.
And the response is going to be the response obviously is this one.
And finally we need to have the reference for the ragas to do a reference of where this documents are
going to come from.
So I'm going to say dot dot page content, right?
So I'm going to have all these details over here has been appended.
And now I'm going to say data set.
So let's try to print this value and see how the data is going to look like over here after this execution.
So if I run this over here you will notice that, uh, the for the first time it is going to grab all
the information.
It's also going to do a QA chain because it is going to call the LM, and it's going to get the processed
response for us over here, like how it has done this side.
So it is running quite a lot over here.
So it's using our LM, it's using the vector.
And also it is appending that in the data set.
So it's going to take a bit of a time like 21 seconds in my machine.
And you'll notice that we have got this user input.
Like what is the playwright and what browser does it support.
The retrieval context for this question is going to be this from the LM from the vector data store.
Uh, these are three things which is coming up.
And the response from the LM is going to be this one, as you can see.
And the reference is going to be the reference from the, uh, from the docs that we have got.
See the reference and the response from the LM is pretty close to them.
Like they are matching pretty close to that.
That's the reason why maybe this test is going to just pass while it does the evaluation with the ragas.
That's all guys.
This is how we create the data set over here.
And now this data set is pretty much exactly the same kind of data set that you're seeing over here
with the simple term sample.
But here because this is a multi term samples over here we have got a lot of datas.
And you can go to the text editor.
And you can see that how many datas have been created which is amazing.
So we have all of these over here.
And now we are going to run this with our ragas in our next lecture.
And I will show you how it's going to work.
And guess what?
We can also see the entire operation with Lange Smith as well.